docs/standardsSection (#99)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/universal-profile/02-lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate.md

- address **sender**: Representing the address calling the initial **universalReceiver** function.

### How Delegation works

In order to let the **universalReceiver** function forward the call to the **universalReceiverDelegate** function, the **UniversalReceiverDelegate** contract address should be set in the **[ERC725Y Key value store](https://github.com/ERC725Alliance/erc725/blob/main/docs/ERC-725.md#erc725y)** of the calling smart contract (contract implementing the **universalReceiver** function) as value to the pre-defined **[LSP1UniversalReceiver](../generic-standards/02-lsp1-universal-receiver.md#extension) Key**, and the **UniversalReceiverDelegate** contract should implement the **[LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate InterfaceId](../smart-contracts/interface-ids.md)** using **ERC165**.
![ur-delegate-transaction](../../../static/img/ur-delegate-transaction.jpg)

## Implementations

There is several implementations of the standard, **[LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP](../smart-contracts/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate-up.md)** contract is one of them that is used as a delegate to the **universalReceiver** function of **UniversalProfile** contract. 

> At the moment this contract allows receiving and sending tokens & vaults and registers the keys representing them according to **[LSP5-ReceivedAssets](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-5-ReceivedAssets.md)** and **[LSP10-ReceivedVaults](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-10-ReceivedVaults.md)** Standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment this contract allows to:

- receive and send tokens & vaults
- register the keys representing them according to **[LSP5-ReceivedAssets](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-5-ReceivedAssets.md)** and **[LSP10-ReceivedVaults](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-10-ReceivedVaults.md)** Standards.
```

maybe?

### Token transfer scenario

> One of the **possible scenarios** is a token transfer between Alice and Bob. Alice wants to transfer a token owned by her UniversalProfile to the UniversalProfile of her friend Bob. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the possible scenarios is a token transfer between Alice and Bob. Alice wants to transfer a token owned by her UniversalProfile to the UniversalProfile of her friend Bob. 
```

**1.** It call the **transfer** function on the token contract through the KeyManager.

![token-transfer-1](../../../static/img/token-transfer-1.jpg)

**2.** The transfer function on the token contract will directly **trigger a hook** that will call the universalReceiver function on both sender and recipient UniversalProfiles.

> ![token-transfer-2](../../../static/img/token-transfer-2.jpg)

Reviewer: put explicit description of the image here (same for other alt)

**3.** If the **UniversalReceiverDelegate** contract is set then the **universalReceiver** function will call the **UniversalReceiverDelegate** contract and execute the logic customized in it.

![token-transfer-3](../../../static/img/token-transfer-3.jpg)

**4.** The **UniversalReceiverDelegate** of **the UniversalProfile** allows the transfer and set **[LSP5-ReceivedAssets](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-5-ReceivedAssets.md)** keys on both Profiles through the KeyManager.

![token-transfer-4](../../../static/img/token-transfer-4.jpg)

## References

- **[LUKSO Standards Proposals: LSP1 - Universal Receiver (Standard Specification, GitHub)](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-1-UniversalReceiver.md)**

> - **[LSP1 Universal Receiver: Solidity implementations (GitHub)](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-universalprofile-smart-contracts/tree/develop/contracts/LSP1UniversalReceiver)**

Reviewer: Let's be consistent with other pages - none of the References are in bold in any other page, let's not make the ones from this page in bold
